README.md, before:

# pentest-toolbox

## Implemented
- Fuzzer
    - Fuzzing 1 level for subdomains/resources
    - Reading payloads from file
    - Progress bar
    - Output in table format

## Possible features:

- Fuzzer
    - Custom headers
    - Quick select for OS and browser headers
    - Recursive fuzzing for subdomains
    - Output to file
    - Custom ports
    - Flags to filter out 404 replies and/or empty replies
    - Flag to show json response (set accepted to json?)
    - Results sorted for custom display (show all 200, 302, 403, etc.)
    - Select interactive or CLI mode.

- Enumeration/Recon:
    - Find subdomains
    - Find directories/resources on domains
    - Specific filetypes
    - Find credentials/passwords/API keys, etc. inside found resources (html,js,pdf,etc.)
    - Find parameters, cookies, etc. (access control)
    - Scan ports or use shodan to reveal services
- Generate reports of findings
    - List per endpoint, list per vulnerability, list login-pages...
- Chaining modules:
    - Find subdomain -> find resources -> find secrets -> report/alert)

Commit message:

modifies todo and possible features

README.md, after:

# pentest-toolbox

## Implemented
- Fuzzer
    - Fuzzing 1 level for subdomains/resources
    - Reading payloads from file
    - Progress bar
    - Output in table format

## Todo
- Fuzzer
    - Split fuzzing into more functions, possibly into modules.

## Possible features:

- Fuzzer
    - Custom headers
    - Quick select for OS and browser headers
    - Recursive fuzzing for subdomains
    - Output to file (either as printed in sdout, or as json)
    - Custom ports
    - Flags to filter out 404 replies and/or empty replies
    - Flag to show json response (set accepted to json?)
    - Results sorted for custom display (show all 200, 302, 403, etc.)
    - Select interactive or CLI mode.

- Enumeration/Recon:
    - Find subdomains
    - Find directories/resources on domains
    - Specific filetypes
    - Find credentials/passwords/API keys, etc. inside found resources (html,js,pdf,etc.)
    - Find parameters, cookies, etc. (access control)
    - Scan ports or use shodan to reveal services
- Generate reports of findings
    - List per endpoint, list per vulnerability, list login-pages...
- Chaining modules:
    - Find subdomain -> find resources -> find secrets -> report/alert)
